# A1: Gameorama

The purpose of this project is to specify and develop an information system with a web application for a collaborative news management platform for videogames/gamers. The videogame world is continuously evolving, and its community sometimes struggles to keep up with all the changes and new releases. Gameorama solves this issue by providing a place for gamers to follow their favorite topics, genres, and games.

The goal of Gameorama is to develop a platform for the gaming community to post, rate, and comment on the latest news, while also being able to follow their favorite videogame topics.

The website's main page has the ability to sort posts by popularity and by the latest news. Authenticated users have the option to show their customized feed, which shows news from topics and users they are currently following, additionally, they can save their favorite news posts. The website also features a navbar with a search feature, which lets users easily search users, topics, and news. In this navbar, for authenticated users, there will also be a notifications icon, a button that allows them to create a news post and a profile page icon that leads them to an editable profile page, featuring a short biography, a profile picture, Aura score (reputation score), the number of followers and their posted news. It is also on this profile page that the users can see their saved posts.

The application will feature a rating system for news and comments, granting authenticated users the ability to upvote or downvote them based on their reliability and usefulness. A news post/comment gets more visibility based on the value of upvotes-downvotes it gets. These ratings also directly influence the Aura score of the owner of the post/comment, so other users can know if their posted information is legitimate and reliable. Moreover, it is also possible for authenticated users to report abusive, inappropriate, or fake news/comments, so the moderator can analyze these situations and correctly deal with them.

Users will be distributed in three distinct groups: Visitors, Members, and Administrators. Upon entering the website, all users are presented with the latest news on the most popular topics and can search for news, topics, and users. Visitors (unauthenticated users) are able to register and/or login to create a new account. Members (authenticated users) can post and rate news and comments, while also being able to follow topics and other users, this makes it so the news that appears on their feed can be customized to their preferences. Finally, administrators can delete posted news and comments of any user on the website, furthermore, if necessary, they can delete abusive accounts. 







***

GROUP2133, 11/02/2021