# A3: User Interface Prototype

This user interfaces prototype (or horizontal prototype) has the following goals:

1. Help to identify and describe the user requirements, and raise new ones;
2. Preview and empirically test the user interface of the product to be developed;
3. Enable quick and multiple iterations on the design of the user interface.

This artefact includes three elements:

1. Overview of the interface elements and features common to all pages;
2. Overview of the information system from the viewpoint of the users(sitemap);
3. Identification and description of the main interactions with the system, organized as sequences of screens (wireflows).

The interface's descriptions are presented on the end of the document.

## 1. Interface and common features

**Gameorama** is a web application based on HTML5, JavaScript, and CSS. The user interface was implemented using the [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) framework.



Desktop           |  Mobile
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
   |  

**Figure 1:** Interface's guidelines.



In this figure some characteristics common to all pages are highlighted:


## 2. Sitemap

A sitemap is a visual representation of the relationship between the different pages of a website that shows how all the information fits together.

The sitemap gives the project team an idea of how the website is going to be build by helping to clarify the information hierarchy.

**Figure 2:** Sitemap.

## 3. Wireflows

Wireflows are presented to represent some of the main interactions with the system using a sequence of interfaces and explaining how navigation is done between them.

## 4. Interfaces

### Homepage

#### UI01: Homepage
Main website page where you can check the latest and hottest gaming news.

Desktop           |  Mobile
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
  | ! 

### Products Area


#### UI02: Topics Page
A page where you can see the news related to a specific topic.

Desktop           |  Mobile
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
  |  




#### UI03: Post Page
A page where you can see the full news post and its comments.

Desktop           |  Mobile
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
  |  



### User Area


#### UI04: User Profile
The page where you can check your created posts and comments. You can also check your bookmarked posts here.

Desktop           |  Mobile
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
  |  

***

## Revision History

GROUP2133, 18/02/2021
