# A1: Gameorama

The purpose of this project is to specify, promote and develop an information system with a web application for a collaborative news management platform for videogames/gamers.

The videogame world is continuously evolving, and its community sometimes struggles to keep up with all the changes and new releases. Gameorama solves this issue by providing a place for gamers to follow their favorite topics, genres, and games.

The goal of Gameorama is to develop a platform for the gaming community to post, rate, and comment on the latest news, which are organized by topics. Users can also follow each other so they can see their posted news on the feed. As other users interact with your posts and comments you can earn reputation score, which is visible to other people and represents the viability of the information you post.

Upon entering the website, all users are presented with the latest news on the most popular topics and can search for news, topics, and users. Visitors are able to register and/or login to create a new account. Authenticated users can post and rate news and comments, while also being able to follow topics and other users, this makes it so the news that appear on their feed can be customized to their preferences. Finally, there are also moderators/admins who can delete all posted news and comments of any user on the website, furthermore, they can delete abusive accounts. Each authenticated user has an editable profile page, featuring a short biography, a profile picture, reputation score, and the number of followers. On this profile page, you can also check the user's posted news and comments.

The website's main page has the ability to sort posts by popularity and by the latest news. Authenticated users have the option to show their customized feed, which shows news from topics and users they are currently following. 

The application will feature a rating system for news and comments, granting authenticated users the ability to upvote or downvote them based on their reliability and usefulness. A news post/comment gets more visibility based on the value of upvotes-downvotes it gets. These ratings also directly influence the reputation score of the owner of the post/comment, so other users can know if their posted information is legitimate and reliable. Moreover, it is also possible for authenticated users to report abusive, inappropriate, or fake news/comments, so the moderator can analyze these situations and correctly deal with them.

A user's reputation score is calculated by adding its questions' points to its comments' points. Points are calculated by subtracting the number of upvotes by the number of downvotes.

Finally, the website also features a navbar with an advanced search feature, which lets users easily search users, topics, and news. There will also be a notifications icon, a profile page icon, and a button that allows them to create a news post.







